And now… This world shall know pain.
Almighty Push…
Wh-What is this?!
How could this hap—
Naruto… Hurry!
Please, Naruto!
Where are we anyway?
Where is the enemy?
What's going on, Ma?!
Why didn't you Summon us to the Leaf Village?
This is the Hidden Leaf Village.
What do you mean, Granny Shima?!
Look carefully around you.
It can't be…!
And it's obvious who did this.
I sense the same energies as when we rode atop Jiraiya-boy’s shoulders.
What did I really lose that day?
ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke
For the life of me, I can't remember.
tou ni wasureteshimatta yo
We slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight...
yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte
And yet we're stuck here — unable to go home.
sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita
Weak, frail souls lost in the world...
dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro
We act strong to hide their fragility.
tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru
Hide their fragility... ootte kakushiteru
So farewell, but even forced apart...
sayonara aenakunattatte Our stories go on.
bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara
Even in a world without you, we run.
kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo
To someday get past the pain.
itsuka no itami mo koete
koete Someday...
Explosion! Sage Mode
Lady Tsunade, are you all right?!
Yes…
Wh-What is this?
You will not get away with this…
You will not get away with this, Pain!
The mark on her forehead is gone!
She has already released her Mitotic Regeneration Jutsu
and given all her chakra to Lady Katsuyu.
In order to protect the villagers from this Pain’s jutsu…
She can no longer…
Are you all right, Iruka?!
Forgive me.
It took everything… just to cover you all.
You are not to blame, Lady Katsuyu.
I just hope everyone else is all right.
Lady Shizune…
Pa!
Choza is all right.
Thank goodness.
Kakashi Sensei…
Pa…
You tried to protect me…
Save the crying for later…Choji.
If you are able to move…
report to Lady Tsunade about Pain's abilities.
A counter strategy is imperative!
Kakashi Sensei, your last mission orders… I-I com…
I completed the mission, Sensei!
Damn!
Hang in there, Kiba!
Ow!
This is nothing.
Are you all right, Lady Hinata?
Yes, but Ko, you’re injured.
If anything should happen to you during Lord Hiashi and Lady Hanabi’s absence,
I will be dishonored for life.
You need not concern yourself with me.
But I must!
If everyone is injured while the head of the family is away,
I will be the one scolded.
Lady Hinata…
Still…this attack is…
Are you all right, Shikamaru?!
Yeah… But what's going on?!
You okay, Shikamaru?!
I made it out, but my leg’s broken.
You should consider yourself lucky
if the only thing you suffered in this attack was a leg injury.
Actually, Shikamaru…
shielded me.
And that's how he got hurt.
Come on, this is no time for tears.
They possess this kind of jutsu, but didn't use it from the start.
Which means, they had a purpose.
And they fulfilled that purpose,
so they changed from guerilla tactics to an all-out offensive.
Who's "they"?
Someone who can do this much damage to the Leaf Village…
The only one I can think of is the Akatsuki.
I agree…and their target is none other than…
Yeah…
Naruto Uzumaki!
N-Naruto?!
Yes…
I'll never have enough lives if I rely on luck alone.
Still, I'm one lucky guy.
If you care enough to shed tears,
then pray we don’t get hit with another one.
Naruto…
That's…
It’s Naruto!
Naruto?!
You saved us the trouble of looking for you.
Why are you being so reckless?
This is…my justice.
The effectiveness of the jutsu
when all the chakra is concentrated in Tendo is great,
but it also increases the risks.
Not only that, the other five are recovering much slower
compared to the last time this jutsu was used.
From here on out, I'll be looking after you.
No more Paper Clones.
Summoning Jutsu!
Looks like all six have assembled.
Tsunade?
I am the Fifth Hokage!
Lady Hokage!
You trampled on the jewel, the dreams of my predecessors.
I will not forgive you!
I will settle this now as the Hokage!
It appears you now understand a little about pain.
However…my business is not with you.
My business is…
With me!
There’s no need for the Leaf’s Hokage
to bother herself with the likes of them.
You just sit back and sip some tea, Granny.
Naruto!
What happened?! I can’t tell from here.
It was amazing! He took down one of the Pains in one swoop.
Naruto…you…
Gramps… Doesn’t he remind you of those two?
You’re right…
It seems Naruto-boy has surpassed his predecessors.
Naruto Uzumaki.
Let’s settle this!
Tendo’s power won’t return for quite some time.
In which case…
Gamakichi!
Take Granny Tsunade to someplace safe!
Gotcha!
Granny, I’ll take over from here!
Tell everyone in the village to stay out of the way!
It’ll be difficult to fight while trying to cover for them.
Understood.
But take Katsuyu. I know she'll be useful to you.
She has intel on them.
Katsuyu-girl… Keep yourself hidden in Naruto-boy's clothes.
Yes, sir.
Now may not be the right time to ask a question like this…
But now that I've mastered Nature Energy…
I'm able to sense everyone's chakra.
Is Kakashi Sensei on a mission away from the village?
I see…
Go, Gamakichi!
Summoning Jutsu.
Master!
Lady Tsunade!
Sakura…
Everything is okay now.
Yes…
Thank you, Lady Tsunade.
Summoning Jutsu!
– Sage Art! Frog Song! – Sage Art! Frog Song!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
– Sage Art! Giant Rasengan! – Sage Art! Giant Rasengan!
Bunta-boy! Ken-boy! Hiro-boy!
Right on!
Naruto! Ninjutsu won't work on the Pain standing before you.
He will absorb all your ninjutsu attacks.
Then we'll go with Frog Kumite!
All the Pains are visually linked!
A blind-spot attack is meaningless
unless you move out of the line of view of every one of them.
Well then… I'll show them an attack they can't see.
You little mutt!
Take that!
Down with you!
He's falling.
You see, I’m ungraceful.
Stay still, you mutt!
I thought we dodged it…
Frog Kumite utilizes the Nature Energy around you.
The energy became part of Naruto's body when he attacked Pain!
In Sage Mode, both threat perception and attack range
are enhanced way beyond the ordinary.
No time to waste here!
I’ll finish this with my new jutsu!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
I see… So you have become a Sage…
mastering the same jutsu as Jiraiya Sensei.
Jiraiya…“Sensei”?
I also learned jutsu from Jiraiya.
He was once my master…
Which would make us sibling disciples.
Sharing the same master,
you and I should be able to understand one another.
Our master desired peace.
Shut the hell up!
Such massive chakra… Did you teach him that, Pa?
No… I'm seeing it for the first time too.
He never showed that during our training.
What is Naruto-boy planning to do?
What is that jutsu?
What is it?
Naruto's chakra is forming into… Yes, almost like a shuriken.
Wind Style: Rasen Shuriken?!
Naruto!
All that you've done here…
Where's the "peace" in that?!
You're only looking at the tree, not the whole forest.
You don't know the true meaning of peace.
So let yourself be captured.
Your death will lead to peace.
I told you… to shut the hell up!
He threw it!
What is that?!
Pa! The boy’s no longer in Sage Mode.
It’s risky, but we must merge with him now!
We can’t! You see, the Nine-Tails prevents us from merging!
Then what are we going to do?!
Naruto-boy came up with a way only he can pull off!
And that’s what we’re about to do!
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: “Danger! Sage Mode Limit Reached”
I’m counting on you, Geezer Sage!
Man… Who’d have thought you'd master Wind Style?
What makes you say that?
I was just thinking…
Yeah, who would have guessed back then?
Huh?
The Wind Style?
It has a nice ring to it, y'know.
All right! I'm absolutely gonna master it.
Yeah right. You can't even clone yourself yet.
Shut up!
Damn it!
Actually, I can use it.
Watch me.
Here I go!
Wind Style! Great Suction!
See?
What kind of Wind Style is that?!
Even I can do that.
Here I go!
Wind Style! Fart!
You idiot!
Why?
Idiot, idiot, you’re an idiot!
Tune in again!